courage is accountability Mobil one so a you know Fisher responsibilities
easy to sign for it responsible for years but as treasurer the possible
for you you become the holy also responsible for casting all
those little ones if you sign for something okay a farm that's gonna
be your responsibility I can tell you what I was so do the engineering
school of postgraduate school Monterey they were one of the comments
the physics department was running a coffee house out of the mess
because there's no call it that in the campus at that time and no
one has permission I wonder if it's on the way they work three hundred
dollars in the hole there were bars it should so you can have we
have to charge a little bit more accountability at that point and
then lay down the wall and this band that bass okay because they couldn't
come up with a so as far as accountability that's bad news for
the shared responsibility to help build a mission for the team if your
there's probably all server and work on the range in two months
the fire a lot of work ahead okay thank you all but how we're going
to do that what all the fire because we want to come back with a dash
to the mast yeah we'll be known as the ship that couldn't shoot straight
because you make a lot of good to look up fire then understand
how the total rate was supposed to respond to that your data you bet
sorry right yeah because you isolated the someone and you then tell
the tale far right there is mad weapon away of the way